Michael Bailey - Sudoku - CS 396 - Michael Bailey, Bailey Henson, Brian Bulka

Work Distribution
Bailey Henson worked mainly on the GUI as well as generating a board. He also made the puzzle generator with different difficulties.
Brian Bulka worked mostly with testing, organization, and helping write the backtracking algorithm to solve a partial puzzle
I worked on determining if a board was valid, backtracking to solve a partial board, and some testing and other small functions.


How It Works
A user will be prompted to choose a puzzle by difficulty. Then, a complete board will be generated. Once that occurs, random slots
will be taken off the board. The amount of slots taken will depend on the difficulty chosen. Once this is done, we use the
backtracking algorithm to determine if the randomly generated partial board is solveable. We then use a verification function
to determine if the backtracking algorithm generated a valid answer. If so, we give the board to the user for them to solve.
Once they click submit, their answer is checked using the same verification function to see if it is valid. There is also a "Give Up"
option which will give the solution that the backtracking algorithm created.


Issues
For the most part, we did not run into any major issues. There was a confusing moment towards the end where I didn't realize
Bailey was writing in Python 2.7 instead of Python 3.6, which is what I was writing it in. Though, we were able to make everything
work regardless.


Other Notes
We made use of a proper debugger in this project a couple of times, which was extremely helpful. I can say that we will definitely
be using proper debuggers more often now that we understand how they work for the most part.


Installation
This project was written in Python 2.7. To install Python 2.7, go here: https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-2714/

I am sure you know how to run a Python file, but I included some directions for documentation sake.

Be sure to run using the Python 2 interpreter. Run the program using the Sudoku.py file. If Python 2 is your default, run
by entering "python Sudoku.py". If not, locate your Python27 folder and run using the interpreter in that folder ("C:\path\to\your\Python27\python Sudoku.py")